I say little crazy
Is your plan going to work?
Why doesn't it feel right?
Yeah, why has it been a night and there is still no news at all? Don't worry.
I've speculated several times
Absolutely no problem.
Gotta let the bullets talk
Some evidence about the Sun family
I will also hand it over to His Majesty
Your Majesty will make a decision
Oh, by the way, I'll give him a knife on the prime minister's side too
Sir is not good
What did Sun Quan bring in?
Sun Qian, what are you doing here?
Why am I here?
Yes, master.
I underestimated you before
You not only made me a joke in the whole capital
How dare you scare my Sun family?
You will die today
It seems that you remember to eat rather than fight
I forgot the lesson from last time.
Last time I promised
This time
See where you run